README.md, before:

# Copilot Studio Cost Projection Calculator

Interactive 3-year cost projection calculator for Microsoft Copilot Studio. Compare 5 payments options with detailed scenario analysis.

## Features

- **24-Month Projections**: Visualize costs over 2 years with growing adoption curves
- **Scenario Comparison**: Compare multiple user/agent/complexity combinations
- **Advanced Settings**: Customize credit consumption, growth rates, and adoption ceilings
- **Interactive Charts**: Built with Recharts for responsive visualizations
- **Real-time Calculations**: Instant updates as you adjust parameters

## Tech Stack

- **React 18** with TypeScript
- **Vite** for fast build tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- **Recharts** for data visualization
- **Vitest** for testing

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
# Start development server
npm run dev
```

The app will open at `http://localhost:3000`

### Build

```bash
# Type check
npm run type-check

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run tests
npm test

# Run tests with UI
npm test:ui
```

## Usage

1. **Select User Count**: Choose from 1,300 / 5,000 / 30,000 users
2. **Select Agent Count**: Choose from 10 / 30 / 100 agents
3. **Set Complexity Ratio**: Adjust simple vs complex agent usage (80/20, 70/30, 50/50)
4. **Advanced Settings** (optional):
   - Customize credit consumption per user
   - Adjust Year 1 growth rate
   - Set adoption ceiling

## Pricing Assumptions (Nov 2025)

- Pay-as-you-go: **$0.01/credit**
- Prepaid packs: **$200/month** (25,000 credits)
- M365 Copilot: **$30/user/month**
- Breakeven point: **3,000 credits/user/month**

## Project Structure

```
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   └── CopilotCostCalculator.tsx    # Main calculator component
│   ├── App.tsx                           # App wrapper
│   ├── main.tsx                          # Entry point
│   └── index.css                         # Global styles
├── public/                                # Static assets
├── index.html                             # HTML template
├── package.json                           # Dependencies
├── tsconfig.json                          # TypeScript config
├── vite.config.ts                         # Vite config
├── tailwind.config.js                     # Tailwind config
└── README.md                              # This file
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add disclaimer for cost estimates in README
Added a disclaimer about cost estimates and accuracy.

README.md, after:

# DISCLAIMER

This tool provides indicative, non-binding cost estimates based on user inputs and publicly available Microsoft pricing. Actual pricing, terms, and usage costs may change at any time. Estimates are for informational purposes only and must be validated with official Microsoft documentation or an authorized representative. No guarantee of accuracy is provided, and no liability is accepted for decisions made based on these projections.

# Copilot Studio Cost Projection Calculator

Interactive 3-year cost projection calculator for Microsoft Copilot Studio. Compare 5 payments options with detailed scenario analysis.

## Features

- **24-Month Projections**: Visualize costs over 2 years with growing adoption curves
- **Scenario Comparison**: Compare multiple user/agent/complexity combinations
- **Advanced Settings**: Customize credit consumption, growth rates, and adoption ceilings
- **Interactive Charts**: Built with Recharts for responsive visualizations
- **Real-time Calculations**: Instant updates as you adjust parameters

## Tech Stack

- **React 18** with TypeScript
- **Vite** for fast build tooling
- **Tailwind CSS** for styling
- **Recharts** for data visualization
- **Vitest** for testing

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and npm

### Installation

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
# Start development server
npm run dev
```

The app will open at `http://localhost:3000`

### Build

```bash
# Type check
npm run type-check

# Build for production
npm run build

# Preview production build
npm run preview
```

### Testing

```bash
# Run tests
npm test

# Run tests with UI
npm test:ui
```

## Usage

1. **Select User Count**: Choose from 1,300 / 5,000 / 30,000 users
2. **Select Agent Count**: Choose from 10 / 30 / 100 agents
3. **Set Complexity Ratio**: Adjust simple vs complex agent usage (80/20, 70/30, 50/50)
4. **Advanced Settings** (optional):
   - Customize credit consumption per user
   - Adjust Year 1 growth rate
   - Set adoption ceiling

## Pricing Assumptions (Nov 2025)

- Pay-as-you-go: **$0.01/credit**
- Prepaid packs: **$200/month** (25,000 credits)
- M365 Copilot: **$30/user/month**
- Breakeven point: **3,000 credits/user/month**

## Project Structure

```
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   └── CopilotCostCalculator.tsx    # Main calculator component
│   ├── App.tsx                           # App wrapper
│   ├── main.tsx                          # Entry point
│   └── index.css                         # Global styles
├── public/                                # Static assets
├── index.html                             # HTML template
├── package.json                           # Dependencies
├── tsconfig.json                          # TypeScript config
├── vite.config.ts                         # Vite config
├── tailwind.config.js                     # Tailwind config
└── README.md                              # This file
```

## License

MIT
